High within those lecture regrowing to create our X code project and we are going to bring in the fire
base as the case.
Are you going to set our fire based dashboard up so that we will be ready to start writing our Snapchat
clone.
And you know how to do all of this things so I'm gonna be fast.
So create a new project and choose single view app from here.
And I'm going to call the Snapchat clone.
And of course we're going to use swift and we don't need anything else.
So let me click on Next and create this under my AOS complete folder.
So once we do that in fact we're not going to do anything more over here.
We're just going to create our fire base project so that we can bring in the fire firebase SD case later
on of course we going to work on our user interface.
But right now I just want to create my fire race project.
So let me go to my castle in fire your base and just add a new project.
And once again if you haven't bought the Instagram section please go back and watch it because it's
gonna be fast.
So I'm going to say this is a snapchat clone and I don't need any Google Analytics right now.
And let me create my projects.
So this will create my project and of course I'm going to go come over this X gold project and bring
in the SDK case.
So I believe we have to close this down because we're going to initialize the pod file and then we're
going to install the parts.
So let me add a U.S. project over here.
Okay.
And yeah we need the bundle I.D. So let me open it one more time because I'm going to copy the bundle
I.D. from the general settings of our projects.
Yep that's the one.
So let me copy this and go back to my IRS bundle idea and let's call this Snapchat clone.
And let me registered his app later on it will create a configuration file for me which I will download
and just place it on my ex called Project and previously I have some in my downloads folder so I'm going
to delete this and I'm going to download it OK and I'm going to bring this into my ex code project.
So let me do that and this is the third time I'm opening this project so I wish I hadn't closed it down
in the beginning.
So let me bring this in and let me make sure that copy items if needed.
And this Snapchat clone is chosen once I do that now I'm finally ready to close this down because we're
going to bring in the SDK case.
So let me open the gate but we're not going to use the guide anymore because we already know how to
import everything right.
So step on create projects step to create this firebase dashboard and everything we did all of that
is this time to initialize our pod file and bring in the necessary parts.
So let me do that.
In fact let me close this down for right now because we don't need our simulator at this point.
So let me open my terminal and in the terminal I'm going to go into my project folder by running change
directory comments and then initialize the pod file and then edit the pulled file to bring in the fire
base as the case.
So I'm going to go into download and Io is complete.
So you have to go wherever you saved it as before.
So I'm going to going to Snapchat clone.
And as you can see if I say a less I will see the files on folder and then I'm going to create my pod
file.
Then let me go to Snapchat clone to pull the file and open this it's text editor.
Once we do that we can come over here and say zoom in to see it better and under these use frameworks
I'm going to have to bring in the firebase as the case firebase parts.
So that's what we need.
Let me copy all of this from here.
And in fact we're going to need more.
So let me bring them in.
And in real life examples of course you're going to have to check the latest names for the pods as well.
But right now I know this is analytics off file your star.
And on top of that I'm going to need car and storage as well.
So this is car and this is storage.
So again you may want to check to see the real names about they haven't been changing it for like two
or three years I believe.
So I don't think they will change it in the real future.
So I believe we're good to go with these names.
So let me save this and let me close this down.
And now we have to round party install to install a Repub on our projects.
So here you go it's already installing and as you can see they're all shown in green.
Which means that their newly installed and they are all in this latest version I believe.
So now we are ready to use our work space project.
So make sure you choose the workspace rather than X scope project.
Once you do that it will be it will take some time to index all this project files because we now have
a lot of Firebase files a lot of pots that we have brought into our project and we have to wait until
it's indexed.
So let me come over here and as you can see we have to say firebase app that configure in the app delegates.
So let me go back to my projects and it's still indexing but let me see if I can import defy your base
and let's say in parts file your base.
Yep it works.
So under did finish launching with options we're going to call fire base app.
Yeah.
This firebase app that configure and this will configure my app so that I can use fi your base.
So while we wait it to be completed.
Let me go back to my five year basic dashboard so that we can initialize every module that we need in
this section.
So let me go back to here.
So let's start with authentication.
Even though we're going to get the user names I work with the user names I have to enable this email
and password thing because we're going to create our users with email and password anyway.
OK.
So let me say this is enabled and let's go to our database.
I'm going to initialize our five star.
So let me say create database.
I am going to start in test mode and this will ask me to choose a data center.
And as I explained before you cannot change this after works.
So if you're building for release make sure you select a good one.
Like if you're targeting only us you can select us if you're targeting only Europe.
You can just select Europe because you cannot change it later on.
So once you do that you will create your file your store and you will be ready to work with far your
store modules.
So here you go it's still indexing.
Let me go back.
And once it's finishes I'm going to go to storage and initialize storage as well.
So let me go here and say get started.
So it asks us for default security rules.
Yep.
If authentication is not null.
It's good to go so I'm going to say next and it will ask me the data.
Place one more time even though we cannot change it now.
So I'm going to say dumb and it will create my storage as well.
Now we have initialized everything in the file your base that we are going to work with and we have
brought in the SD case once it finishes indexing.
We are good to go.
Let's do that in the next lecture.